Nrex Audio Play and Record Privacy Policy.

Privacy Policy

Proocloog (“we” and “us”, as the case may be) values the importance of your privacy.
Proocloog Privacy Policy of Nrex Audio Play and Record covers the collection, use,
and disclosure of information.

This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control,
or to people whom we do not employ or manage.

Information or data collection and usage:
We collect anonymous usage information and application failure data.

Any of the anonymous information or data we collect may be used in one of the following ways :
-To improve quality of the application (Nrex Audio Play and Record). 
-To personalize your experience by better respond to your individual needs.

We DON’T collect any sound recorded by application (Nrex Audio Play and Record) or
any data relate to your audio track files.

Protection of information or data:
We don not sell, trade or otherwise transfer collected data to outside parties.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us to distribute application,
conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this
information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law,
enforce us, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.

Your Consent:
By using our application (Nrex Audio Play and Record), you consent to our Privacy Policy.

The application (Nrex Audio Play and Record) or our policy may change, and if appropriate,
we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect the changes. We will post the updated version here,
and we will notify you if we think the changes will significantly impact the treatment of
information you have already provided.

You agree that your continued use of our products or services after such amendment will
constitute your acceptance and agreement to be bond by the modified policy.

This privacy policy applies only to information or data collected online through
our application (Nrex Audio Play and Record) not to information collected offline.

Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using
the information below.

proocloog@hotmail.com

Privacy Policy Created by Chirayus Pyks. (Proocloog).
